# azure_bot
Chatbots are conversational robots programmed and designed to instantly answer users’ questions. For instance, the robot to whom you ask questions about a product in the tiny popup window at the bottom-right corner of your screen when doing online shopping, is a chatbot.

As the AI trend keeps rising, chatbots have become more of a must-have rather than a nice have part of the business. The increasing demand for chats continues to grow so to keep the customer satisfaction rate high; companies must find ways to cope with the rising volumes of inquiries coming every day to all their communication channels. Azure Bot Service is Microsoft’s artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot offered as a service on the Azure cloud service marketplace.
In this project I've made a chatbot for my website using Microsoft Azure Bot Service.

Everyday the demand for chatbots is rapidly increasing. Chatbots today are being deployed across industries to assist customers (customer service), or engage with customers (sales and marketing), or do both. Many people prefer chatbots as they are quick in answering the queries and save time. In the current situation where everything is online, a chatbot can be extremely helpful. Some of the fields include Retail and e-commerce, Travel and hospitality, Banking, finance, and fintech, Healthcare, Media and entertainment and Education. This project uses the QnA Maker service, Azure cognitive service, Artificial Intelligence and Azure Bot service. The QnA Maker is used to make a knowledge base , in which I've trained the AI bot with some question and answers. Then the bot service is used to host the bot and connet it to different channels.
